when it came out of care so it makes out
of flattens that I start to stay on the
couch there it was okay but there was
always drugs and alcohol around we
didn't eat right Sol either not that we
had any idea how to cook I woke up in a
a few times
once when we've been out in the town and
also a couple times because I caught
myself playing with it with a knife art
and I met with a woman there we said she
could help I told her they want to go
back into care she said she could try
and find a place me in a housing
association flat with someone looking
out for me it seemed like a good idea so
I went with it and I'm glad I did
I'm so happy to be somewhere clean in
more ways than one and while having a
place that's mine is new farmer it's
great it's all my own things it's my
stuff I'm proud now I took a course at
the Community Center I'm cooking and I'm
in an access program for design course
at unit and but then I was an outsider
and now I feel but like a real person
it's different and I never imagined life
could be like this
I was unemployed for three years and I
started to get panic attacks I was going
to the GP nearly every week with one
thing or another
sleeping pills antidepressants colds flu
a weird thing in my leg looking back I
think I just needed someone to talk to
I had my TV a musical and quite loud
most days and my neighbors complained
that was antisocial so a lady from my
housing Association came to have a chat
I told her felt like the walls were
closing in on me sometimes and my
thoughts were spinning around in my head
making me feel like I was a bit bonkers
she said it might be an idea for me to
get out more I was surprised that what
she said was so simple I thought they
were going to lock me up or something
what actually happened was she
introduced me to a counselor who I
really felt I could talk to and I
started to feel much calmer and better
then she got me volunteering at the
Housing Association doing arts and
crafts with local kids and I really
liked it helping people learning things
and making new friends and now while I
still get those thoughts sometimes I'm
better at managing them and I feel
stronger I'm even starting to see old
friends and family again I've got my
confidence back I've got a job working
part time and I don't think I've been to
the GP for months
I've been diagnose of this thing they
called COPD which is a bit like customer
and that had it
they called it emphysema but then I get
breathless and walking to the shop which
takes it out of me should be honest I
gets a bit scared going out now my wife
passed away two years ago and my son
lives in Australia so I've been getting
quite lonely now just my TV and my radio
I had a little fall in August nothing
serious
but I was in with the doctor and a man
from the house and Association came
round to look at changing things in the
house he got me a seat in the shower an
alarm in case I lose my breath or fall
again he also told me about the ring and
ride service that can take me to the
shops and back and he told me about my
local breathe easy group that's a go to
you now but the best thing was the IT
class they taught me email and they
taught me Skype now I can talk to my son
and I can see my granddaughter and I
talked about it in my group oh it makes
me so happy
hey he's a good job I had that for now
these stories are based on the lives of
real people who've been supported by
play shapers through the additional
services we provide improving lives
isn't just good for individuals it also
reduces the financial burden on the NHS
and social care it's a crucial
contribution we can make because at play
shapers we are more than just landlords
we are a network of over 100 locally
based housing associations that acts as
independent social businesses we believe
that quality of life is built not just
on good housing but also on good health
and employment opportunities we build
safe comfortable homes and then work
with the NHS social care providers
public health CCGs and all the local
partners to provide effective community
care and support employment
opportunities skills training and
many other life-changing services for
our customers in a changing world we are
the vital link between caring public
services and the communities in which
they work providing the physical space
infrastructure and expertise to help
people change their lives for the better
and while we already do a lot we can
always do more if you work in the health
or social care sector talk to us about
how partnerships with local housing
associations can help improve lives in
our shared communities and of course
save costs in the process for more
information about play shapers including
contact details for your nearest member
Housing Association and information on
how you can help us build happy healthy
communities please visit w-w-w dot plus
org
you